Do you charge late fee on delayed premium?
I need maturity claim requirements.
What is single premium policy?
Can I change nomination through will?
I want to check my Premium due date?
What is the minimum amount of loan can be repaid?
What do you mean by non-standard age proof?
When is my next premium due?
Premium which i pay is for the period completed or in advance?
I want to check my Premium due date?
I am getting monthly disability benefit under the policy, whether i will get loan under the policy?
I paid the premium twice by mistake, what should I do now?
Whether any subsidy is available for repaying the loan from Govt of India?
What benefit I will get , if I pay the loan proportionately?
How can I pay the premium in online mode or through portal payment?
My policy money has not been credited to my account, where should I contact?
I have fully repaid my outstanding loan, still I have not received my policy document back to me. What I should do
Can trust or Institute become nominee for life insurance policy?
Whether I will be required to give the reason for which purpose I am taking the loan under the policy?
I have taken loan under the policy and I wish to transfer the policy to another Branch.
Can I submit Cancelled cheque with NEFT form?
Where can I get pannel doctor address?
Is there limit to premium amount payable through credit card ?
Where can I get the death claim form?
Compare products
Whether intimation about mandate acceptance/rejection is given to customer?
If i pay the premium in advance , whether i will get any incentive or rebate as early bird?
How much time is taken for the registration through bill pay?
At what age should I purchase a Life Insurance Policy?
If premium is paid after 6 month, what is rate of interest charged for calculation of late fee?
How I can pay premium in offline mode?
Why revival of policy is required?
If premiums are in arrears, can i pay the premium partly?
I want to check outstanding loan.
Bonus declared for 2018-19?
Whether assignment can be done in favour of minor?
How to do re-assignment?
After taking loan, whether nomination under the policy will get cancelled?
I want to change my address in my policy.
Are there separate charges for NEFT registration?
Can I get the E-services in my mobile?
Why I should do assignment?
What is date of commencement.
What is GSV?
My assignment application is declined.
What is the procedure of assigning a policy?
If i do not pay the premium, whether my agent will get the commission?
What is premium schedule?
What is difference between assignment and nomination?
Whether revival of lapsed policy allowed in E-services ?
How to revive my policy?
Can you quote the procedure for cancellation of nomination?
How will nomination help us?
Whether I can get the revival requirement through SMS?
When can I pay the insurance premiums?
What is the benefit of taking single premium policy?
Whether assignee under the policy can raise the loan?
Whether single premium mode is allowed?
Can I reduce premium paying term of my policy?
Whether LIC agents are authorised to collect the premium and issue receipts?
Under online loan, whether i will be required to visit servicing branch office for getting the loan?
Can loan be repaid online?
Whether installment premium stated in policy document is inclusive of GST?
Please quote days of grace allowed for term insurance products under yearly, half- yearly, or quarterly mode of payment?
Maturity claim forms.
I have confirmed that my mobile number is correct but still I am not getting the SMS alert.
For One lakh sum assured policy, How much loan will I get?
Will you increase my policy premium as I age?
Can I know my balance loan amount?
Whether GST is applicable on loan amount?
What is NACH?
How the loan will be settled under online loan facility?
What are the facilities available for repayment of loan?
Why am i not able to make payment online?
How I have to assign the policy for taking loan under the policy?
Whether LIC send any intimation before compulsory closure of the policy?
Tell me the difference between fund switch and fund redirection.
Whether LIC send any notice for paying loan interest during the policy term?
What is benefit of NEFT?
Which type of polices can be assigned?
What is the difference in Profit/without profit plans?
Tell me about standard age proof.
Can you explain the meaning of FUP by example?
Alternate premium payment options.
Whether conditionally assigned policy can be surrendered by policyholder?
Can I use loan amount to purchase new policy?
Who can register with the authorised banks?
Can you please explain me difference between multiple and successive nomination?
What are the standard age proof which are accepted while taking new policy?
Do you require any documents as proof of ID for Nominee?
What happens when payment is done twice under a policy through EBPP and other mode?
In which cities do the authorised service providers operate from?
How long nomination is valid?
After taking loan whether supplementary benefits like accident benefit, rider sum assured will get reduced?
Please quote me rate of interest charged for collecting late fee.
Maximum age limit for effecting alteration in a policy.
What is meant by conditional assignment?
How can I calculate my premium?
Who can nominate?
Which policies are eligible for payment of premium through online?
Can the sum assured be increased?
Can I do nomination online?
How can I register for Premier services ?
What is alteration fees in a policy ?
Does revival cancels earlier nomination?
My outstanding premiums are due for more than 6 months. Can I pay one or two premiums?
Where can I surrender my policy?
Whether any charges are required to be paid for registering the assignment?
What happens if person I have nominated dies before me?
Can i print a copy of the proposal form i gave for taking the policy ?
When will the premium be debited from customers account in case of NACH?
Under online loan facility, if i have to go your LIC branch, then how it will be treated as online loan?
Why the premium increases as the age increases?
I have not received the e-receipt of my payment.
How to lodge complaint?
Charges for medical reports.
Can you give one example on date of commencement and date of risk?
Does nominee has right to raise Loan on policy?
How I can confirm that my policy can be assigned?
I want to know about multiple nomination.
My policy is matured, but I have not taken the amount of maturity claim. Whether I will get loan under the policy?
Within how many years I can revive my policy from last premium paid ?
How can i reset my password?
Special Revival Campaign
Whether I can assign the policy for raising housing loan?
Where can I get NEFT form?
Is there any convenience charge for online transaction?
Are children allowed as nominee?
What are the death claim requirements?
What are the death claim requirements?
What is DGH?
What is meant by assignee and assignor?
Whether there are charges for payment through credit cards ?
How can I pay the premium via ATM?
I am having a deferred annuity policy, If I make nomination now?
What are the grounds on which registration of assignment can be rejected by LIC?
Can i include the policies of my spouse and children under my user-id for E-services ?
How much loan I will get on my policy?
When do I get my insurance amount?
If last day of grace period happens to be Sunday or holiday, then whether I have to pay penal interest?
Agent is not giving me any service, hence i do not want to pay the premium.
How many days of grace are allowed for monthly mode of payment?
I want to know about all lic plans
I want to know NAV for my plan.
I have lost my original policy document. Whether I will be eligible to get loan?
Who can be assignee?
Where I can revive my policy?
Whether I can pay the premium directly to bank by paying visit?
What's the operating time of the customer zone?
Can Only natural guardian be a appointee nominee?
What are the mode of payments during pendency of the mandate?
Can a single mandate be used for multiple policies?
What is premium under policy?
Can minor child make nomination?
How i will come to know the loan amount available under the policy?
Whether any online loan quotation will be available?
What is the SMS charge for getting loan information through SMS?
My loan has been fully recovered from survival benefit. Whether I should receive original policy document
When will I get the bonus payment?
What are the different reasons of mandate rejections?
Does LIC charges any fee for nomination?
How much alteration charges are required for mode change?
In case of casualty of minor policyholder who will receive the money?
Can i pay back loan in cash above fifty thousand?
Can i pay the premium in advance?
Can I pay back full loan amount anytime?
Can I make nomination in favour of my friend though my spouse or father mother is present?
Whether any fee is charged to get loan quotation?
Do I need sign of agent for nomination?
Whether LIC will grant the loan under the policy?
How many days of grace are allowed under yearly, half- yearly or quarterly mode of payment?
Whether extra paid for non-standard age proof will be removed after submission of standard age proof?
What are the services available online in customer portal?
What is mean by age proof?
Are you there?
How to register for premium payment through bill Pay/ATM?
What are the benefits of assignment to policyholder?
What is difference between absolute assignment and conditional assignment?
How much of the surrender value I will get as a Loan?
Enquire about loan repayment?
What is meant by re-assignment?
Why signature is not present in my receipt?
Can nomination be done when the Policy is lapsed?
What action should I take if the bank rejects my NACH mandate?
Tell me about assignment?
Where can one use successive type of nomination?
What value should be written for‚ FROM DATE‚ (Start Date) field?
How much insurance do I need?
What are all the policy types which could be registered through bill pay?
How to download NACH mandate form?
Why my premium status is not updated on payment through service provider/bank?
Are there any downloading options given in the portal ?
Is any relation will be there between age and premium to be calculated under the policy?
I want to apply for the loan, what are the requirements?
Whether there are charges for payments through debit cards?
What is the condition for proportionate adjustment of loan amount?
My loan has been fully recovered from maturity claim, whether I will get original policy document
Where can I repay my loan?
Under online loan facility, where i will submit loan requirements?
Who else has the authority to assing the policy other than the policy holder?
Can assignee make Nomination in favor of his/ her family?
Can I change my nominee?
Nomination is possible in policies financed by HUF fund?
How to apply for loan?
Can i get a loan on the same policy again?
How to add the policy details at the authorized bank/service provider's website?
What other prints can I take?
What documents are required for applying loan?
Whether assignment for valuable consideration will cancel the nomination?
Can I pay my full loan amount in the nearest branch?
What are the types of assignment?
Whether can I assign the policy for part of the sum assured?
I have paid twice at EBPP portal.
Why should I buy policy online?
What is premium redirection?
Where i will get the information for taking online loan under the policy?
What is NEFT?
What should I do to get the maturity money from the policy?
I am not able to pay the arrears of premium at once.
Whether any concession is granted by LIC to pay the premium on due date?
What are the restrictions put on sum assured for submitting non-standard age proof?
Can I submit standard age proof after issue of policy where non-standard age proof is submitted earlier?
I took loan on my policy but could not reapy, now my policy is closed. What should I do?
I did not receive your annuity on due date.
What do you mean by non-standard age proof?
I have fully repaid loan and loan interest, whether I will get my policy document back
Whether any SMS is being sent policy holder for paying loan interest?
What is the minimum amount of loan I can get from my policy?
Want to change mode quarterly to yearly in my policy.
How the premium is fixed under the policy?
How are you?
Whether nominee is having any right during the life time of the life assured?
What are the benefits of paying LIC premiums through net-banking/phone-banking?
What are the different annuity options?
What is bill pay facility of paying premium?
What will happen if I do not pay the premium on due date?
How can I exercise nomination of my LIC policies?
Can you give the details of the requirements for maturity claim?
Is there any additional charges for registration of assignment reqest?
Whether policy should be inforce for granting the loan?
Whether LIC can refuse loan under the policy?
What documents should be submitted for doing assignment?
Can I pay the premium through mobile?
I have taken policy under MWP act, whether I can raise the loan?
How can I get the claim if the policy holder is no more?
How to register with the authorised banks?
Whether nominee can raise loan under the policy?
I have lost my original policy document. Whether I will be eligible to get loan?
While raising the loan under the policy whether consent of nominee is required?
Can loan be paid partially?
What are different online payment methods?
Can I cancel nomination without consent of nominee?
I have forgotten to pay my premium within days of grace, What will happen to my policy now?
Can I do loan cum revival?
What is importance of age proof?
Can I pay the premium through any franchisees?
Whether monthly EMI facility is available for repayment of loan?
How the method of proportionate adjustment of loan will work?
How long will you take to answer my query?
How far from here?
Can I take loan on Policy without knowledge of nominee?
I have lost my policy document, whether I should get duplicate policy first?
Whether assignment can be done in favour of two or more persons?
Am I eligible for assignment?
Are there any SMS services avaible for customers?
What are types of revival?
What is the difference between basic and premier services ?
Whether I can raise loan as per my need?
What are the types of non standard age proof?
My policy is a Joint life policy do I need to make nominations?
Can nomination be done in assigned policy?
Are women eligible for Life Insurance?
Nomination is possible in case of MWP ACT policies?
I want to check nomination under my Policy.
I want to known branch address
What is existence certificate?
I need information about appointee in nomination.
How can I pay premium using NACH?
For taking loan under the policy, whether i have bring any surety?
What are the limitations of assigning a policy to a minor?
How to contact customer care?"
